Improved Docs (#14433)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website: README.md

This is the front end repository for VA.gov. It contains application code and templates used across the site.

> There are many diffrent type of repositories that contain the code and content used to build VA.gov. If you're looking to get started running VA.gov locally, you should read the [Getting Started](https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/veteran-facing-services-tools/getting-started) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many diffrent types of repositories that contain the code and content used to build VA.gov. If you're looking to get started running VA.gov locally, you should read the [Getting Started](https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/veteran-facing-services-tools/getting-started) documentation.
```

yarn watch --env.entry static-pages,auth
```

> The `entry name` for your application can be found in its `manifest.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `entryName` for your application can be found in its `manifest.json` file.
```
I think this references the actual property name in the json for example:
https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/5a43e57c29f8e73f4bfa2eb8e6e7020c1b687cbd/src/applications/burials/manifest.json#L4
